README.md, before:


# MindBoost
MindBoost AI: An Intelligent Study Companion

## Microservices Architecture


This project is organized as a set of independent microservices:

- **backend**: API Gateway microservice (routes requests to other services)
- **pdf-parser-microservice**: Parses PDF files and extracts text
- **bedrock-client-microservice**: Handles communication with Amazon Bedrock
- **knowledge-graph-microservice**: Accepts a PDF and returns a knowledge graph (nodes/links) for visualization in the frontend (e.g., with Recharts)
- **frontend**: React app for the user interface

Each microservice is self-contained and can be run independently. See each service's README for details.


### Running the Microservices

1. **Backend (API Gateway)**
   - Directory: `src/backend`
   - Run: `uvicorn src.main:app --reload`

2. **PDF Parser**
   - Directory: `src/pdf-parser-microservice`
   - Run: `uvicorn src.main:app --reload`

3. **Bedrock Client**
   - Directory: `src/bedrock-client-microservice`
   - Run: `uvicorn src.main:app --reload`

4. **Knowledge Graph**
   - Directory: `src/knowledge-graph-microservice`
   - Run: `uvicorn src.main:app --reload`

5. **Frontend**
   - Directory: `src/frontend`
   - Run: `npm start`

---

See each microservice's README for API endpoints and further setup instructions.

Commit message:

added database population script for testing

README.md, after:


# MindBoost
MindBoost AI: An Intelligent Study Companion

## Microservices Architecture


This project is organized as a set of independent microservices:

- **backend**: API Gateway microservice (routes requests to other services)
- **pdf-parser-microservice**: Parses PDF files and extracts text
- **bedrock-client-microservice**: Handles communication with Amazon Bedrock
- **knowledge-graph-microservice**: Accepts a PDF and returns a knowledge graph (nodes/links) for visualization in the frontend (e.g., with Recharts)
- **frontend**: React app for the user interface

Each microservice is self-contained and can be run independently. See each service's README for details.


### Running the Microservices

1. **Backend (API Gateway)**
   - Directory: `src/backend`
   - Run: `uvicorn src.main:app --reload`

2. **PDF Parser**
   - Directory: `src/pdf-parser-microservice`
   - Run: `uvicorn src.main:app --reload`

3. **Bedrock Client**
   - Directory: `src/bedrock-client-microservice`
   - Run: `uvicorn src.main:app --reload`

4. **Knowledge Graph**
   - Directory: `src/knowledge-graph-microservice`
   - Run: `uvicorn src.main:app --reload`

5. **Frontend**
   - Directory: `src/frontend`
   - Run: `npm start`

## Important!

When first setting it up and running the services, before trying to log in run the script in the src/misc folder after installing the dependecies in order to populate the database

```
pip install -r db_tools/requirements.txt

```
---

See each microservice's README for API endpoints and further setup instructions.
